# 10. Evaluation

### Scoring calculation
 When executing a project, any aspect must meet minimal standards. This means that a very low
 score on any of the deliverables will impact the project vastly. The scoring principles of this
 course are designed so that your final score tends towards the weakest link, i.e. the one with
 the lowest score of all different items that are scored. Weakest link scoring would be: "your
 individual final score can't be higher than the lowest score on any of the items".

 Your final score is determined based on the different number of deliverables, using the
 following distribution:

             ○   D1 – Business Case including financial analysis: 15%
             ○   D2 – Project website: 5%
             ○   D3 – Analysis document: 25%
             ○   D4 – Client/server knowledge quiz/exam: 15%
             ○   D5 – POC: 25%
             ○   D6 – PM work on Gitlab & website: 5%
             ○   D7 – Various peer assessments and reflections: 5%
             ○   D8 – Presentation for investors jury: 5%

          !Omission or significantly incomplete implementation of a single deliverable
                       will result in a failing score for the entire module!

### Factors influencing the final score
 There are many factors weighing on the final score for this module (see 10.1). Each part of the
 assignment is scored according to specific criteria. This score can be influenced by intermediate
 as well as end results of a certain portion.

 A group score will be determined according to the principles listed above. From this group
 score, the individual score will deviate in positive or negative manner depending on the
 following factors.


#### Presentation
 The presentation is an individually graded component, with the presentation itself as a baseline.
 Each group member will be scored individually for his performance during the presentation,
 measured on a number of factors.








#### Conduct and contribution
Your general conduct and contribution throughout the semester is monitored by the group
mentors as well as assessed by your peers. Deviations, positive or negative, will impact your
final individual score.

Inappropriate conduct may be a reason for immediate group exclusion (resulting in zero score
for this module). The group mentors may come to this conclusion at his/her discretion,
supported by the majority of the other group mentors.


#### Extreme sanctions
Group exclusion will be immediate in one of the following cases:

   -   Unprofessional or inappropriate conduct (see 9.1.4)
   -   Repeated signalling from group members to non- or malfunctioning in the group,
       either on a technical or quantitative level of you failing to meet generativity (see 10.2.5
       for detailed procedure).
   -   After a second unexcused absence, on a rostered moment, a coaching moment, a
       presentation moment or any other project related moment where presence was
       mandatory. You may ask for an excuse for absence to your group mentor, and you're
       only excused if you have permission to be absent.

Exclusion from the group results in a zero score for the module, which has no retake!


#### Conduct and contribution
Your general conduct and contribution throughout the semester is monitored by the group
mentors, coaches as well as assessed by your peers. Deviations, positive or negative, will
impact your final individual score.

Inappropriate conduct may be a reason for immediate group exclusion (resulting in zero score
for this module). The group mentors may come to this conclusion at his/her discretion,
supported by the majority of the other group mentors.


#### Aim for generativity
Each student will be granted a generativity score. This score is used for your personal final
score. The generativity score is based on your team work, helping others, communicating
problems in time, and so forth. We expect everyone to behave as a team player: you need to
aim for generativity (certainly watch the talk to understand what we are talking about).
Generativity is not your personal productivity. On the contrary, it's about how you influence the
productivity of others around you.






In the rare case of clear and obvious signs of highly negative generativity one may be
excluded for the project, resulting in an individual zero score.

The procedure for exclusion is:

1. The team members have informed you that they are not ok with your team work and
   why. The group mentor is informed about what has been discussed and both parties
   confirm that this has happened. A plan of action to improve within a defined time frame is
   set up in the team and this is shared between all team members and the group mentors.

2. If there are no signs of substantial improvement within the defined time frame (confirmed by
   all other team members and the group mentors): a first official warning is given and the time
   frame is extended with one more week

3. If there still are no signs of substantial improvement within that week (confirmed by all other
   team members and the group mentors): the student is excluded from the project (=zero
   score)

4. If there was improvement, but it lasts only for a certain period, and the generativity
   decreases again (confirmed by all other team members and the group mentors): a second
   official warning is given and there is one more week to catch up

5. If once again there are no signs of substantial improvement within a week or the
   improvement is again only temporary (confirmed by all other team members and the group
   mentors): the student is excluded from the project

6. The final score of the remaining group members will be adjusted accordingly, depending on
   the severity of the case and how negatively the incident has impacted the group work and
   project progress




                           GOOD LUCK!